= Word Generator
== Description
This is a program that generates all possible combinations of categories of letters, given a set of CV-rules.
I have written this program to get an extensive vocabulary for an imaginary language.
Before use, it is important to reflect on what the features of the vocabulary you want to build are.
Unreflected use might lead to memory overflow.
== Console mode
This feature is not implemented yet.
== Use
If necessary, adjust the letter arrays in the source code, as well as the file "rules.txt".
Create a new WordGenerator with f.i. <tt>wg = WordGenerator.new</tt>, then call +wg.generate+ to automatically generate the output
based on the file "rules.txt" and the letter arrays.
== Implemented Features
[Categories]
* Vowel
* Final
* Normal
* Double
==== Vowels
* Vowels are self-explanatory.
==== Consonants
* Finals are consonants only occuring at the end of a word.
* Normals are consonants occuring everywhere else in a word.
* Doubles are consonant-clusters occuring together.
[Rules]
The rules are to be written in the form of a file called "rules.txt" containing one rule per row.
The following letters are permissible:
* V for vowels
* C for normal and final consonants, depending on where in the rule the occur
* CC for consonant clusters
View the provided "rules.txt" for examples.
== Caution
Since this program generates _all_ possible combinations, it may slow your computer down while running or might cause insufficient memory errors.
The program might take a long time to terminate.
The output file may be very large, depending on the number of letters used.
